---
layout: post
title: "10 years"
microblog: false
audio: 
photo: 
date: 2012-08-04 13:33:43 -0500
guid: http://endonend.micro.blog/2012/08/04/years.html
---
Yesterday Melisa and I renewed our vows to celebrate our 10 year marriage anniversary. I can't believe it's been 10 years (and 15 years total together.) The time went so fast, but it also feels like we've been together forever. It's a very unique feeling I'm sure all long-time couples feel at some point.

Like our wedding in 2002, which was outdoors with a non-denominational pastor, we celebrated our renewal a little differently too. We did our best to celebrate this renewal in a Buddhist tradition, which was a challenge since Buddhists generally see marriage as a secular ceremony.

To start we recited three traditional Buddhist passages, shared our new vows, and then finished with a short meditation to reflect on our marriage and this renewal.

Here's what I told her:

<strong>My beautiful and amazing wife:</strong>

I promise to support and encourage your interests, dreams, passion, and individuality. I love your uniqueness and what that brings to our relationship.

I promise to be honest about my feelings and to always work hard to be a better communicator.

I promise to never take you or our relationship for granted. You are my everything and I will not let that slip away again.

I promise to always be curious, try new things, and to push myself past comfort. I love exploring and trying new things with you.

I promise to never let the humor fade in our relationship. I love laughing with you and I think it enhances our relationship immensely.

I promise to be a supportive parent and equal partner in raising our kids and managing our household. To share the burdens and benefits equally.

I promise to love and trust you unconditionally, with no expectations other than to live each day fully, in happiness, together.

These are my vows to you, as we celebrate our 10 years of marriage and take steps toward the rest of our life together.

I love you yesterday, today, and tomorrow.

Can't wait to see where the next 10 years take us...
