---
layout: post
title: "Love List 2013"
microblog: false
audio: 
photo: 
date: 2012-12-19 10:43:55 -0500
guid: http://endonend.micro.blog/2012/12/19/love-list.html
---
I cannot believe 2012 is almost over.

I <strong>do</strong> feel really good about what I accomplished this year. I took some guiding principles (what I called my <a href="http://www.endonend.org/posts/my-2012-love-list/">love list</a>) and used them to form my basis for action in 2012. Although some things changed and/or became less important, I was successful at the things that were most important to me. In fact, I think this was my most productive and in-the-moment year ever.

With that said, I am very excited about building off that success and making 2013 even better. &nbsp;Here's a list of things I will start in 2013:

<ol>
<li>Continue to be on top of my priorities &amp; make sure I fund them. No procrastination.</li>
<li><a href="http://ana-white.com/2011/07/farmhouse-storage-bed-hinged-footboard">Build our bed frame</a> with Missy.</li>
<li>Improve the aesthetics of the master bedroom.</li>
<li>Build my world domination app.</li>
<li>Create a kids book with Missy and print at least one through Lulu.com.</li>
<li>Read more books and less crap.</li>
<li>Exercise more.</li>
<li>Eat vegetarian for one month.</li>
<li>Purge more "stuff".</li>
</ol>

This list, of course, is fluid and will change. That means I won't be successful at all of them and that's OK too.

The most important thing, though, is doing. &nbsp;So far I'm working on #1, #4, and #7.

<ul>
<li>The first is constant and ongoing, obviously. Nothing is going to change that.. it's the engine that drives the rest of my goals.</li>
<li>With #4 I have a really simple prototype done and a script that runs daily to collect the data I need. It's been running for about a month now, so I hope to start full scale development in the new year. I am really excited to see where that goes!</li>
<li>With #7, I've committed to 10 weeks of an exercise routine, with a goal of getting to 100 push-ups, 300 squats, and 150 sit-ups (per workout).&nbsp;In addition to 820 total minutes on the&nbsp;elliptical&nbsp;by mid February. &nbsp;I really can't wait to see how this turns out -- I've never really worked out consistently before, so this will be a good (but manageable) challenge.</li>
</ul>

Have you started to build any habits lately? Or have plans for the new year? Please share!
