---
layout: post
title: "My 2015 Love List"
microblog: false
audio: 
photo: 
date: 2014-12-29 13:35:52 -0500
guid: http://endonend.micro.blog/2014/12/29/183552.html
---
Now that I’ve reviewed <a href="http://www.endonend.org/posts/love-list-2014-review/">last year’s Love List</a>, it’s time to look ahead.

While I think I did well on my 2014 list, there are a few areas I’d like to carry over to my Love List for 2015. Beyond that, there are a handful of&nbsp;things I’d like to try next year.&nbsp;Here’s the list:
<!--more-->

<ol>
<li><b>Priorities</b>. This will always be #1. My goal is to be mindful of what’s really important and fund those priorities as best I can each day. This includes my marriage, kids, friends, and jobs that pay the bills.</li>
<li><b>Write more</b>.</li>
</ol>

<ul>
    <li>I averaged 2.6 blog posts per month last year. I would like to boost that to an average of once per week, so 52 total posts in 2015.</li>
    <li>I would like to journal more in Day One. I am going to set a daily reminder to see if it sticks.</li>
    <li>Finally, I’d like to take a story idea and turn it into a short graphic novel. Do I have experience or know what I am doing? No. Do I have artistic skills? No. I do think it would be a fun challenge and it would definitely help me learn how to tell stories and flex some creative muscles.</li>
</ul>

<ol>
<li><b>Read more</b>. I’ve cut back on my comic pull list (though it’s still a decent size), so I should be able&nbsp;to start working through my “real” book queue.</p></li>
<li><b>Do more work for&nbsp;Eko Wave</b>.&nbsp;I need to devote regular time to this or it won’t happen. I go through spurts of focus, but that hasn’t worked out very well at all. I’d like to personally launch two projects in 2015.</p></li>
<li><p><b>Take better care of my body</b>.&nbsp;Be active daily.&nbsp;Eat better and less.&nbsp;Drink more water. So far, we’ve pretty much converted our eating-at-home menu to vegetarian.</p></li>
<li><p><b>Keep purging “stuff”</b>. Pretty straightforward.</p></li>
<li><p><b>Make more art</b>. I’ve dabbled with photography in the past, as well as drawing on the iPad. I’d like do more creative projects in 2015. Photo walks/hikes, maybe?</p></li>
<li><p><b>Do&nbsp;“Maker”&nbsp;projects with the kids</b>. Over holiday break we took the kids to a <a href="https://www.facebook.com/BuffaloWantsTinkering">Tinkering School</a> event at <a href="http://thefoundrybuffalo.org">The Foundry</a> and they loved it. Lucy said it was “much more fun than school” because there were no&nbsp;instructions to follow. Time to find more opportunities to expose the kids to experiences like that!</p></li>
</ol>

<p>&nbsp;

What does your love list for 2015 look like? Let me know in the comments or hit me up on Twitter. I’d love to follow&nbsp;your journey!
