---
layout: post
title: "Make, Do and Wabi-sabi"
microblog: false
audio: 
photo: 
date: 2014-01-29 20:15:00 -0500
guid: http://endonend.micro.blog/2014/01/30/011500.html
---
I came across two great (and somewhat related) perspectives in a <a href="http://cognition.happycog.com/article/make-do">Happy Cog blog post</a> recently, the first being the concept of "make, do":

<blockquote>
  Make with your best effort, and do what you can. Don’t let the possibility of what could be deter you from forward progress.
</blockquote>

In other words, do your best and ship it, versus obsessing over every little detail, every possibility, and grasping at some unattainable perfection.

Then in the comments, someone pointed to a Wikipedia article on the Japanese world view, <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wabi-sabi">Wabi-sabi</a>:

<blockquote>
  Wabi-sabi represents a comprehensive Japanese world view or aesthetic centered on the acceptance of transience and imperfection. The aesthetic is sometimes described as one of beauty that is "imperfect, impermanent, and incomplete."
</blockquote>

Obviously very Buddhist in theme. And beautifully minimalist in practice:

<blockquote>
  Characteristics of the wabi-sabi aesthetic include asymmetry, asperity (roughness or irregularity), simplicity, economy, austerity, modesty, intimacy and appreciation of the ingenuous integrity of natural objects and processes.
</blockquote>

As I keep plugging away at my big secret project, it's great to have these reminders to just ship it, imperfections and all. Chances are the imperfections will either not be noticed or the lack of some "must have" feature (in my mind) will make it beautifully minimalist to some.

Make, do in 2014.
