---
layout: post
title: "My 2016 Love List"
microblog: false
audio: 
photo: 
date: 2016-01-20 23:07:46 -0500
guid: http://endonend.micro.blog/2016/01/21/040746.html
---
At the start of every year, I like to focus less on "resolutions" and more on a list of things I want to do more of in the coming year. Thus, the name <a href="http://www.endonend.org/posts/category/love-list/">Love List</a>. I feel like it's a positive spin on resolutions, as I focus on a list of things I love doing, rather than all the things I don't like about myself.

As I wrote back in 2011:

<blockquote>
  The list is fluid and will change as my life changes. I’m not going to judge myself if some of these don’t get completed. I am going to put this list somewhere so I see it every day and spend at least part of my day moving one or more of these forward. And then at the end of 2012 I will do a retrospective to see how far I’ve come on these items.
</blockquote>

With that said, here are my ideas for 2016. I will track my current focus on my <a href="http://www.endonend.org/now/">Now page</a>, as well as post updates on my progress through out the year.
<!--more-->

<strong>Family</strong>
My #1 priority.

<ul>
<li>Continue to give my wife and our marriage the attention and focus it deserves.</li>
<li>Continue to give my kids the attention and focus they deserve.</li>
</ul>

<strong>Health</strong>

<ul>
<li>Take care of my body and health, through better eating and exercise.</li>
</ul>

<strong>Get Better at Programming</strong>

<ul>
<li>Launch Relic Scout 2.0 in the first half of 2016.</li>
<li>Launch another web app for Eko Wave.</li>
<li>Research developing an iOS app.</li>
</ul>

<strong>Writing</strong>

<ul>
<li>Write more on this site.</li>
<li>Continue to work on my comic book idea.</li>
</ul>

<strong>Photography</strong>

<ul>
<li>Take more photos with my camera.</li>
<li>Make a photo book or prints as a gift.</li>
</ul>

<strong>Other Random Ideas</strong>

<ul>
<li>Read more: comics and books.</li>
<li>Work on improving at guitar.</li>
<li>Build a meditation practice.</li>
</ul>

What does your love list or resolutions for 2016 look like? Let me know in the comments or hit me up on Twitter. I’d love to follow your journey!
